[High Availability Utils] Introduce write ahead log (#558)
alibaba/flink-ai-extended: flink-ai-flow/lib/high_availability_utils/README.md

# high_availability_utils

> The high_availability_utils provides tools for building highly available services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `high_availability_utils` provides the tools that helps to build the high availability service.
```

## wal

> The wal module provide WAL(write ahead log) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wal module provides the WAL(Write Ahead Log) function.
```

**Notice:

> Before calling python code (from high_availability_utils.wal.db_wal import DbWAL), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before import the `DbWAL`, you need to invoke the function `set_ha_db_base` to specific the `declarative_base()`.   
```

you need to call the function set_ha_db_base to set Base.**

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

> you need to call the function set_ha_db_base to set Base.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**
```
